

THE STORY
-------------------------------------------
Going back to school is tough enough as it is, but when you add a mad scientist and 
some creepy, slimy zombies to the equation . . . it's enough to blow your mind!  Get ready 
to "put it in your head" and think on your feet.

He's as rotten as a wormy apple, as disgusting as a lab frog, as tricky as calculus. . this 
mad scientist is here to make your first day a nightmare.  He has descended upon your 
school and within his basement lair, he has put a curse on all of your teachers and friends 
that has turned them into slow mindless zombies to do his bidding.  You've got to get 
around his zombie cronies in order to get yourself through another school day.

Thing is, to finish, you need to explore the school and locate the mad scientist.  Sound 
easy?  Well, you've also got to stop him and his zombie generator!  How the heck do you 
do that?  Use your head!  With some help from your friend Mr. Pibb, burp up the secret 
antidote before the zombies drain the power out of you!

But, it gets even trickier, because sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between your 
friends and the zombies.  And you don't want to burp-off your friends by mistake, `cause 
you're going to need all the help you can get.  Make it through to the end . . .  there's 
something completely worth it waiting for you!  Put it in your head!


Instructions
-------------------------------------------
As the game begins you find yourself locked inside the school. Bet you know that feeling.  
In order to save the day you'll need to find where the mad scientist is hiding his Zombie 
Generator, and stop him.  

Exploring the school will uncover a whole bunch of useful tools that will help you in 
your mission.  You'll also run into some of your classmates and teachers who he has 
already turned into zombies.  To transform them back into their usual selves just burp 
some secret antidote.  A few well placed burps should be enough to snap a zombie out of 
his or her trance.  Be on the lookout for power-ups!  And by finding a mega-phone you'll 
be able to burp even louder and transform zombies faster. And by finding a straw and 
some beakers of antidote, you'll have the power to rescue your friends.  Be careful 
though, because the mega-phone and antidote are scarce and you'll run out of them 
quickly if you don't use them wisely.

Here is a list of the controls you'll need to know.

Movement:	Arrow Keys, Mouse, Joystick
Shoot:	CTRL, Left Mouse, Joystick Button 1
Jump/Swim Up:	Home
Duck/Dive:	END
Loop Up:	PgUp
Look Down:	PgDwn

Burp:	0
Super-Burp:	1 *
Antidote:	2 *

(* Remember, you can only use the Super-Burp and Antidote while    you have them in 
your inventory.  If you run out, you'll need   to find some more.  The Regular Burp is 
always available.)

Main Menu:	ESC
Help:	F1

Quick-Save:	F2
Quick Load:	F3

Inventory:	I

Map Mode:	TAB
Map Zoom:	+/-

Volume Up:	F7
Volume Down:	F8
Turn Music Off:	F12


Loading Instructions
-------------------------------------------

Insert the floppy in your floppy disk drive. Double click on your A: drive icon. Double 
click on the PIBBGAME.EXE file. This will bring up the WinZip window. Click on 
Unzip. This will copy the game to your C: drive into a directory called PIBBGAME. 
When the installation is finished, click the Close button in the WinZip window and 
proceed: 
If you are using Win95:  Go to the PIBBGAME directory. Double click on the "My 
Computer" icon. Double click on the C: drive. Double click on the PIBBGAME folder. 
Double click on the icon labeled "PIBBGAME."
If you are using Win3.1: Exit Windows to DOS. At the C:\>  type  cd\PIBBGAME and 
hit the Enter key.  Then, at the C: PIBBGAME>, type  PIBBGAME  and hit the Enter 
key.
System requirements: 
Windows 3.1 or Windows 95 
Intel Pentium 75 mhz processor 
16 mb RAM
HIT THE ESCAPE KEY TO EXIT THE GAME AT ANY TIME!

The Contest
-------------------------------------------
Once you complete the game, give yourself a hand!  You put it in your head and now you 
rule the school!  But, you've got another challenge ahead of you.  We want your idea for 
the sequel to the 3D Interactive Computer Game.  How do you think the story should go 
from here?  Write it all down and send it to:

Mr. Pibb Contest 
PO Box 2920
Westport, CT  06880

If we pick your storyline, you'll get to play in the PibbHead Title Championship Game 
and maybe even win some cool stuff like the chance to REALLY help design the next 
Mr. Pibb 3D Interactive Computer Game with the actual game designers in New York 
City, two IBM Aptiva computers-fully loaded (one for you, one for your school) and 
$10,000 in scholarship money.  Whaddya think?

We think you should go for it.  Put it in your head!

For complete official rules, please write to Pibb Rules, PO Box 3508, Westport, CT  
06880.


Troubleshooting
-------------------------------------------
A.  This game was designed as a DOS application.  Although it should work fine in 
Windows95/98 it is possible to encounter certain problems on various computers.  If you 
encounter any problems with loading or running the game under Windows 95, we 
recommend that you first RESTART you computer in DOS mode.  This is done by 
clicking on the START button, then selecting SHUTDOWN, then choosing RESTART 
IN DOS.


Credits
-------------------------------------------

Created for:

Coca-Cola USA

and

Marketing Corporation  of America

For BrandGames:

Produced by:
	Mike Taramykin
	Scott Randall

Designed By:
	Mike Taramykin

Art Director:
	Jason Shenkman

Associate Producer:
	Jennifer Saila

Programmers:
	Steve Hadely
	Mike Taramykin

Texture Artists:
	Robert Santiago
	Anthony Pereira
	Mike Cayado

Character Animation:
	Kyle Vannoy
	Jason Vaughn

Sound FX:
	John Gray

Voices:
	Jeff Bergman
	Scott Randall
	Jennifer Saila
	Mike Taramykin
	      and 
	Thomas L. Kirchner
	       as 
	"The Mega-Burp"


c 1998, Coca-Cola USA
